README.rst, before:

Python-FHEz
###########

(Formerly Python-ReSeal)

Python-FHEz is a fully homomorphic encryption, abstraction library, primarily focused on enabling encrypted deep learning. This library will be able to use various back-ends and streamline them into a single generic API to try to reduce both programmatic and conceptual complexity.

Cypherpunks please read the docs:

.. image:: https://readthedocs.org/projects/python-reseal/badge/?version=latest
  :target: https://python-reseal.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest
  :alt: Documentation Status,

Python-FHEz will start to transition to gitlab at: https://gitlab.com/DeepCypher/python-fhez for a plethora of reasons including Ci/CD, however github will remain an up-to-date mirror.

Modules
+++++++

This library supports extensions that expose a uniform API which we call "errays" or encrypted-arrays much like numpys custom containers, of which as simple implementation can be achieved by inheriting from our erray class. We hope to add more modules over time and would welcome others implementations too. We ourselves support the following modules:

- [Microsoft SEAL](https://github.com/Microsoft/SEAL) ([beta](https://gitlab.com/deepcypher/python-fhez-seal))\*
- [py-fhe](https://github.com/sarojaerabelli/py-fhe) ([Saroja Erabelli](https://github.com/sarojaerabelli)) ([alpha](https://gitlab.com/deepcypher/python-fhez-erabelli))

\* Currently built in but we are in the process of separating into its own module

Build It Yourself
+++++++++++++++++

If you would like to build the documentation manually, for example to auto-doc the API (which read-the-docs cannot do) then from this directory:

- build the docker container (docker must be installed, repository must be cloned, and you must be in this directory)

.. code-block:: bash

   sudo docker build -t archer/fhe -f Dockerfile_archlinux .  || exit 1

- run the docker container with volume-mount, and trigger documentation build

.. code-block:: bash

   sudo docker run -v ${PWD}/docs/build/:/python-fhe/docs/build -it archer/fhe make -C /python-fhe/docs html

- you can then find the documentation in: ``${PWD}/docs/build/html/``

The docs will walk you through the rest. Enjoy.

Cite
++++

Either:

.. code-block:: latex

  @online{reseal,
    author = {George Onoufriou},
    title = {Python-Reseal Source Repository},
    year = {2021},
    url = {https://gitlab.com/GeorgeRaven/python-reseal},
  }

Or if you do not have @online support:

.. code-block:: latex

  @misc{reseal,
    author = {George Onoufriou},
    title = {Python-Reseal Source Repository},
    howpublished = {Github, GitLab},
    year = {2021},
    note = {\url{https://gitlab.com/GeorgeRaven/python-reseal}},
  }

Commit message:

Modifying README headings and minor tweak
We will probably want to move this into the docs instead of in the
README but for now it is fine since it is all experimental work.

README.rst, after:

Python-FHEz
###########

(Formerly Python-ReSeal)

Python-FHEz is a fully homomorphic encryption, abstraction library, primarily focused on enabling encrypted deep learning. This library will be able to use various back-ends and streamline them into a single generic API to try to reduce both programmatic and conceptual complexity.

Cypherpunks please read the docs:

.. image:: https://readthedocs.org/projects/python-reseal/badge/?version=latest
  :target: https://python-reseal.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest
  :alt: Documentation Status,

Python-FHEz will start to transition to gitlab at: https://gitlab.com/DeepCypher/python-fhez for a plethora of reasons including Ci/CD, however github will remain an up-to-date mirror.

Modules
+++++++

This library supports extensions that expose a uniform API which we call "errays" or encrypted-arrays much like numpys custom containers, of which as simple implementation can be achieved by inheriting from our erray class. We hope to add more modules over time and would welcome others implementations too. We ourselves support the following modules:

- [Microsoft SEAL](https://github.com/Microsoft/SEAL) ([beta](https://gitlab.com/deepcypher/python-fhez-seal))\*
- [py-fhe](https://github.com/sarojaerabelli/py-fhe) ([Saroja Erabelli](https://github.com/sarojaerabelli)) ([alpha](https://gitlab.com/deepcypher/python-fhez-erabelli))

\* Currently built in but we are in the process of separating into its own module so excuse the potentially empty repository, this will be its final destination.

Build The Docs
++++++++++++++

If you would like to build the documentation manually, for example to auto-doc the API (which read-the-docs cannot do) then from this directory:

- build the docker container (docker must be installed, repository must be cloned, and you must be in this directory)

.. code-block:: bash

   sudo docker build -t archer/fhe -f Dockerfile_archlinux .  || exit 1

- run the docker container with volume-mount, and trigger documentation build

.. code-block:: bash

   sudo docker run -v ${PWD}/docs/build/:/python-fhe/docs/build -it archer/fhe make -C /python-fhe/docs html

- you can then find the documentation in: ``${PWD}/docs/build/html/``

The docs will walk you through the rest. Enjoy.

Cite
++++

Either:

.. code-block:: latex

  @online{reseal,
    author = {George Onoufriou},
    title = {Python-Reseal Source Repository},
    year = {2021},
    url = {https://gitlab.com/GeorgeRaven/python-reseal},
  }

Or if you do not have @online support:

.. code-block:: latex

  @misc{reseal,
    author = {George Onoufriou},
    title = {Python-Reseal Source Repository},
    howpublished = {Github, GitLab},
    year = {2021},
    note = {\url{https://gitlab.com/GeorgeRaven/python-reseal}},
  }
